# JobApply Tracker - Fullstack group exercise

---

Good morning ladies and gentlemen !

Hope you're fine and ready to tackle a big challenge today ! We are going to develop a full stack application that will give you a higher sense on the craft of a real web project.

---

**The GOAL :**

Because you'll be very soon confronted to an intensive job research, we are going to build **an app that will be a private place of yours to keep track of your job submissions**.

The basic part of the app is a dashboard that you'll be able to populate with the different jobs you applied to (or still want to apply) and quickly sort them to know the status of your job search.

[Here](https://www.figma.com/file/YvN4B49ELKS9eOKXA0deQA/JobApply-Tracker?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=dev) is the mockup for the app.

---

In this challenge, you'll be lead to implement :

- Frontend with html (ejs?), css(Sass) and js
- Server-routing configuration with Node-Express
- Database schemas and manipulation with MongoDB-Mongoose.
- User authentication with JWT
- CRUD operations
- Upload and retrieve images and pdf from external cdn source (Cloudinary).
- Sort results

Remarks :

- Coordinate yourself with your colleagues. This step is **CRUCIAL** to be successfull. (What should we do first ? Back, Front, Both ? How should be the db schema ? Which routes do we need ? etc.)
- The goal is to have an app that you can actually use in a few weeks. So don't hesitate to add/change/remove fields/categories and displays you judge fit.
- The structure is given, but don't hesitate to implement your design, colors, layout, etc.

If you want to go further :

- Make the user pay to use the app and implement the PayPal Sandbox API.

---

**DEADLINE** :
Friday **9 AUGUST** at **09h00** am

On friday morning, we will present our work. When the presentations are over, you can enjoy the rest of the day as you whish ;)

**REQUIREMENTS** :
You must find a way to deploy it. It **must** be online by the deadline time.

**GROUPS**

GROUP 1

- Ayman
- Steve

GROUP 2

- Lorenzo
- Shana

GROUP 3

- Adam
- Philémon

GROUP 4

- Nouheila
- Nathaly

GROUP 5

- Adil
- Soulaymane

GROUP 6

- Laurent
- Maxime

GROUP 7

- Rachid
- Arthur

GROUP 8

- Sloane
- Mathieu

GROUP 9

- Dylan
- Henry

GROUP 10

- Radad
- Nicolas

---

List of priorities :

1. Make that a user can register/login/logout, create new job offers and retrieve them. (bare minimum)
2. Make that the user can edit his job offers
3. Make that the user can upload and download pdf/image
4. Sort results.
5. Make the frontend pretty.
6. Make the frontend responsive.

As you can see, responsiveness is the last thing. Only to be done if all the rest is perfect.

In the same path, a pretty frontend is only well welcomed if all the previous requirements are completed. (don't think you'll have time for everything ? Do the design as I presented it in the wireframe. It's more than ok.)

Etc. etc.

Good luck, my friends !
